[SenecHome] Add writeable Charging Modes (#17474)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.senechome/README.md

- not equipped battery packs will return 0 for all ...Pack channels
- currently channels for the first wallbox are implemented (senec could handle 4 wallboxes)
- Senec disables http access at ~30.08.2023

> - Lithium Storage Mode is intended (according to the manual) for disassembly and transport. It is untested if it has any side effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The chargeMode `STORAGE` also known as Lithium Storage Mode is intended (according to the manual) for disassembly and transport. It is untested if it has any side effects.
```

| batteryFuelCharge             | percent        | Fuel charge of your battery (0 - 100%)                                   |
| systemState                   |                | Text describing current action of the senec home system (e.g. CHARGE)    |
| systemStateValue              |                | Value describing current action of the senec home system (e.g. 14)       |

> | safeChargeMode                | OFF/CHARGE/    | In safeChargeMode, the battery will try to fill as quickly as possible   |
> |                               | STORAGE        | in liStorageMode, the battery will try to reach 25% SOC                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| chargeMode                | OFF/CHARGE/    | In `CHARGE` mode, the battery will try to fill as quickly as possible   |
|                               | STORAGE        | in `STORAGE` mode, the battery will try to reach 25% SOC                  |
```

You might need to adjust the whirespaces,
